README.md, before:

### Author: Nathan Metens
### Professor: Bart Massey
# Quote Server
This repo is a learning experience. 

In Rust Web Dev class taught by Bart Massey, I follow along his knock-knock
server on GitHub to learn full-stack web development in Rust.

This server shows random famous quotes about love, marriage, life, and stoicism.
These quotes are randomly chosen from a JSON file that was generated by AI each time
the client refreshes the page. 

The methods in this server are async so that multiple
user can access them at the same time and see different quotes.

## Resources
- The [random number](https://rust-random.github.io/book/guide-values.html).
- The json file with random quotes about love, marriage, death, stoicism, and life
were generated using [ChatGPT](https://chatgpt.com/)
![Chat](static/json_chat.png)
- [Iterators](https://doc.rust-lang.org/std/iter/trait.Iterator.html)
- [Axum Tutorial](https://www.shuttle.dev/blog/2023/12/06/using-axum-rust)
- [Rust Docs for Axum](https://docs.rs/axum/latest/axum/)
- Bart Massey's [GitHub](https://github.com/pdx-cs-rust-web/knock-knock)
- [Examples](https://users.rust-lang.org/t/run-examples-in-subfolders-using-cargo/18154/3) because I needed to test small sections of the program that wasn't working

Commit message:

Update README.md adding demo page with famous quote

README.md, after:

### Author: Nathan Metens
### Professor: Bart Massey
# Quote Server
This repo is a learning experience. 

In the Rust Web Dev class taught by Bart Massey, I follow along with his knock-knock
server on GitHub to learn full-stack web development in Rust.

This server shows random famous quotes about love, marriage, life, and stoicism.
These quotes are randomly chosen from a JSON file that was generated by AI each time
the client refreshes the page. 

The methods in this server are asynchronous, so that multiple
Users can access them simultaneously and view different quotes.

## Quote Server demonstration so far:
![A famout Quote](static/quote1.png)
![A famout Quote](static/quote2.png)

## Resources
- The [random number](https://rust-random.github.io/book/guide-values.html).
- The JSON file with random quotes about love, marriage, death, stoicism, and life
were generated using [ChatGPT](https://chatgpt.com/)
![Chat](static/json_chat.png)
- [Iterators](https://doc.rust-lang.org/std/iter/trait.Iterator.html)
- [Axum Tutorial](https://www.shuttle.dev/blog/2023/12/06/using-axum-rust)
- [Rust Docs for Axum](https://docs.rs/axum/latest/axum/)
- Bart Massey's [GitHub](https://github.com/pdx-cs-rust-web/knock-knock)
- [Examples](https://users.rust-lang.org/t/run-examples-in-subfolders-using-cargo/18154/3) because I needed to test small sections of the program that wasn't working
